Based on the videos and the reading material, how would you define a data scientist and data science? (3 marks)

DATA SCIENTISTS  are analytical experts work with data by applying their skills in the field of technology and social science, Extract wonderful outputs to solve the unsolved societal and business problems.
Data Science can be described as the process of helping organizations understanding current environments, analyzing existing issues and reveal opportunities based on the analysis of data sets. As such data science aids organizations to add knowledge by investigating data. Data Science can be undertaken on different sorts of data (structured vs non-structured), as well as different data analysis models (data mining, deep-learning, etc.) in order to provide patterns, archetypes, and outliers. Essentially, data science is the process and method for extracting knowledge and insight from large volumes of data in order to take decisions.
From the course material, it is understood that a data scientist must possess at least certain characteristics that should aid him or her in the data analysis process. In this regard, a data scientist should have (i) a curious and argumentative nature, which will aid in starting an investigative data analysis, (ii) story-telling techniques, in order to be able to properly confer the knowledge and findings stemming from the data analysis, and (iii) technical skills, such as programming, computational thinking, databases, however these skills can always be improved upon through self-learning and being involved in data teams (i.e. ‘on the job’).


As discussed in the videos and the reading material, data science can be applied to problems across different industries. What industry are you passionate about and would like to pursue a data science career in? (1 mark)

I am interested in the field of agriculture, use data science techniques, and improve agriculture around the world.
RUBRIC
Has the student shared what industry they are passionate about?

Based on the videos and the reading material, what are the ten main components of a report that would be delivered at the end of a data science project? (5 marks)

The videos and reading material observed so far indicate that a data science report should include the following main components:

Cover page
Table of contents
Introductory section
Methodology section
Results section
Discussion section
Conclusion section
References
Acknowledgment
Appendix        * and many great things &experiences of authors*
